release v1.1.0 (#447)
OpenFunction/OpenFunction: CHANGELOG.md

# OpenFunction

## 1.1.0 / 2023-05-30

### OpenFunction

> The core v1beta2 API added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we add core v1beta2 API, and the core v1beta1 API is deprecated and will be removed in the future. There're quite a few refactoring in v1beta2, you can find more details in this [proposal](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/blob/main/docs/proposals/20230424-unify-the-definition-of-functions.md)
```

#### Features

> - Add core v1beta2 API, use `triggers` instead of `inputs` [OpenFunction#442](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/442).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add core [v1beta2 API](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/blob/main/docs/proposals/20230424-unify-the-definition-of-functions.md) [OpenFunction#442](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/442).
```

> - Support dapr state management [OpenFunction#427](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/427).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support [Dapr state management](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/blob/main/docs/proposals/20230330-support-dapr-state-management.md) [OpenFunction#427](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/427).
```

#### Enhancement

- Delete the `lastTransitionTime` field from the gateway status to prevent frequent triggering of reconcile [OpenFunction#442](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/442).

> - Set scopes when create dapr components [OpenFunction#429](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/429).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow to set scopes when creating Dapr components [OpenFunction#429](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/429).
```

- Support setting cache image to improve build performance when using openfunction strategy [OpenFunction#444](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/444).
- Support setting bash image of openfunction strategy [OpenFunction#445](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/445).

#### BUGFIX

> - Fix bug that the serving will restart immediately after the function image modified [OpenFunction#442](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/442).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart the serving only after the function image is built when there are code changes [OpenFunction#442](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/442).
```
